<?xml version="1.0" encoding="iso-8859-1"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd"><html
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=iso-8859-1" />
    <title></title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Configuration management</h1>
    <h2 id="identification">Configuration identification</h2>
  <h3>Generic definitions</h3>
    <p> Throughout this document, some definitions are reused, which are defined
</p>
    <dl>
      <dt>&lt;project_name&gt;</dt>
      <dd>The project name, in Pascal Case, with abbreviations in full upper
        case letters and is used as a mnemonic for the project or product
        throughout its lifecycle. The project name should be composed of up to
        14 alphanumeric characters as well as the "_" (underscore) and "-"
        (hyphen) characters. This is equivalent to the <code>artifactId</code> in Maven builds.</dd>
      <dt>&lt;project_version&gt;</dt>
      <dd> The actual project version, following the semantic versioning scheme.
        <p>The software version is composed of three parts, an increment of the
          MAJOR version, which indicates non interchangeable or incompatible
          breaking changes. A MINOR version increment indicates additional
          functionality while keeping backward compatibility, while the PATCH
          version increment indicatess a bug or problem fix. See <cite>[SEMVER2]</cite>.</p>
        <p>A Snapshot label is appended to the project version, <samp>"-SNAPSHOT"</samp>
          when the software is not yet released and is still in development.
          This is equal to the maven version element.</p>
      </dd>
    </dl>
    <h3>Baseline identification</h3>
    <p>When a baseline needs to be identified, the baseline identifier shall
    follow the below rule:</p>
    <p><samp>baseline_identifier ::= &lt;project_version&gt;</samp></p>
    <h3>Runtime identification</h3>
    <p>Runtime identification of the software shall have the following format in
    BNF snytax:</p>
    <p> <samp>agent_name ::= "Optima" " " &lt;project_name&gt; " "
      &lt;project_version&gt; ["(" &lt;token&gt; ";" &lt;token&gt;...")"]</samp></p>
    <p>The different information is previously documented above, except for the
      following:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>&lt;token&gt; can be used to identify an operating system, build
        variant, plug-in, or more detailed version information</li>
    </ul>
    <p> The above form equivalent to the XMP AgentName <cite>[ISO-16684-1]</cite>.
    </p>
    <h3>Data package naming conventions</h3>
    <p>The generic data package naming conventions are as follows, as written in
    EBNF syntax:</p>
    <p> <samp>data_package_name ::= &lt;project_name&gt; "-"
      &lt;project_version&gt; "-" &lt;classifier&gt; "." &lt;suffix&gt;</samp></p>
    <p> The exact definition of each new term is defined below: </p>
    <dl>
      <dt>&lt;classifier&gt;</dt>
      <dd>The actual package qualifier. If the package contains application
        executable software, then this qualifier provides the target platform
        name it was built for. For other packages, the following are possible:
        <dl>
          <dt>bin</dt>
          <dd>The full package, including binaries.</dd>
          <dt>src</dt>
          <dd>The software source code.</dd>
          <dt>autodoc</dt>
          <dd>The documentation generated from the software source code.</dd>
          <dt>docs</dt>
          <dd>The user documentation.</dd>
          <dt>debug</dt>
          <dd>The debug version of software</dd>
        </dl>
      </dd>
      <dt>&lt;suffix&gt;</dt>
      <dd>The data package suffix.This is context and project specific.</dd>
    </dl>
    <h2 id="baselines">Establishing a configuration baseline</h2>
    <p>The projects only have one type of baseline available, the Production
      Baseline (PBL) for software to be used in production. This baseline
      consists of the following actions being completed:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>A version description document is generated and is available</li>
      <li>Items under version control used for building the production data
        package and/or distribution archives are labeled/tagged with a label
        name equal to the &lt;project_name&gt;-&lt;project_version&gt;.</li>
      <li>Generated Data package and/or distribution archives are placed under
        configuration management by being archived or deployed.</li>
    </ul>
    <h2 id="accounting">Status accounting</h2>
    <h3>Version description document content</h3>
    <p>A version description document shall contain the following information, available at each production baseline:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>A brief statement of the purpose of the software and the environments
        to which this document applies.</li>
      <li>Pre-requisites for usage of the software such as minimum operating
      environment requirements or dependency information</li>
      <li>List of all important changes incorporated into the software version
        since the previous version.</li>
      <li>Installation or build instructions.</li>
      <li>Known issues and problems.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>&nbsp;</p>
</body>
</html>
